README.md, before:

# Visualization material of Twitter statuses published during the ForumPHP 2018

See the corresponding [github page](https://thierrymarianne.github.io/attending-forumphp-2018/).

![Statuses published during the ForumPHP 2018](https://thierry.marianne.io/events/forumphp2018/forumphp-2018.png)

Template provided by InteractiveVis project
http://blogs.oii.ox.ac.uk/vis/
https://github.com/oxfordinternetinstitute/InteractiveVis/

The InteractiveVis project of the Oxford Internet Institute with funding by JISC aims to allow easy creation of interactive visualisations for geospatial and network data using native web technologies (HTML5, CSS3, and SVG) and allow these visualisations to be self-contained so that they may run entirely offline in ebooks and other media. The project will survey existing solutions and build the necessary components to fill in missing features and smooth over incompatibilities in between existing libraries. The project will further provide online hosted wizards to allow for the easy creation of these interactive visualizations.

More information about the project is available on the project blog:
http//blogs.oii.ox.ac.uk/vis/

Commit message:

Revise README to include ForumPHP 2018 graph image

README.md, after:

# Visualization material of Twitter statuses published during the ForumPHP 2018

See the corresponding [github page](https://thierrymarianne.github.io/attending-forumphp-2018/).

![Graph-oriented representation of statuses published during the ForumPHP 2018 via Twitter](../main/images/forumphp-2018.jpg?raw=true)

Template provided by InteractiveVis project
http://blogs.oii.ox.ac.uk/vis/
https://github.com/oxfordinternetinstitute/InteractiveVis/

The InteractiveVis project of the Oxford Internet Institute with funding by JISC aims to allow easy creation of interactive visualisations for geospatial and network data using native web technologies (HTML5, CSS3, and SVG) and allow these visualisations to be self-contained so that they may run entirely offline in ebooks and other media. The project will survey existing solutions and build the necessary components to fill in missing features and smooth over incompatibilities in between existing libraries. The project will further provide online hosted wizards to allow for the easy creation of these interactive visualizations.

More information about the project is available on the project blog:
http//blogs.oii.ox.ac.uk/vis/
